<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:icecore="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/core"
	xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components"
	xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component"> <h:head>
	<title>CopyRight</title>
	<script type="text/javascript">
		function validateRepassword() {
			var pasw = document.getElementById('checkpassw:password');
			var Rpasw = document.getElementById('checkpassw:Rpassword');
			if (pasw.value != Rpasw.value) {
				alert("Passwords do not match");
			}
		}
	</script>

	<style>
.black_overlay {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	top: 0%;
	left: 0%;
	width: 100%;
	height: 100%;
	z-index: 1001;
	-moz-opacity: 0.8;
	opacity: .80;
	filter: alpha(opacity =                                                      
		                                                         
		                                                         
		                                                         
		                                                                    
		                                                                    
		                                  80);
	border: 10px solid #ddd;
}

.white_content {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	top: 25%;
	left: 25%;
	width: 50%;
	height: 50%;
	padding: 16px;
	background-color: white;
	z-index: 1002;
	overflow: auto;
	border: 10px solid #ddd;
	border-radius: 12px;
}

.contheader {
	text-align: left;
	font-size: 12px;
	color: #000;
	font-weight: bold;
}

#
span {
	color: red;
}

.myButton {
	-moz-box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	-webkit-box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left bottom, color-stop(0.05, #7157A0
		), color-stop(1, #7157A0));
	background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -o-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -ms-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#7157A0',
		endColorstr='#7157A0', GradientType=0);
	background-color: #7157A0;
	-moz-border-radius: 3px;
	-webkit-border-radius: 3px;
	border-radius: 3px;
	border: 1px solid #7157A0;
	display: inline-block;
	cursor: pointer;
	color: #ffffff;
	font-family: Arial;
	font-size: 13px;
	padding: 6px 24px;
	text-decoration: none;
	text-shadow: 0px 1px 0px #7157A0;
}

.myButton:hover {
	background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left bottom, color-stop(0.05, #7157A0
		), color-stop(1, #7157A0));
	background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -o-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -ms-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#7157A0',
		endColorstr='#7157A0', GradientType=0);
	background-color: #7157A0;
}

.myButton:active {
	position: relative;
	top: 1px;
}

.form-signin-heading {
	text-align: center;
	margin-bottom: 0px;
	font-size: 18px;
}
</style>
</h:head> <h:body>
	<ui:include src="/xhtml/connaissanceHeader.xhtml"></ui:include>
	<ice:form>
		<div
			style="border: 1px solid #ebebeb; height: 1200px; width: 938px; margin-left: 194px;margin-top: 46px;margin-bottom: 20px;">
		<p
			style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri;">INTRODUCTION
</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">
These Guidelines apply to all uses of CONNAISSANCE’s materials that are protected by copyright (which among other things includes all text, images, software, documentation, screenshots, web sites, photographs, video footage, etc.) (“CONNAISSANCE Materials”), in whatever media they may be used (including print media, online media, books, articles, audiovisual works, blogs, wikis, or any other format or medium).
 </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">
		Third parties wishing to use CONNAISSANCE materials that are protected by copyright must have CONNAISSANCE’s permission to do so. In some situations described below, CONNAISSANCE gives you that permission so long as you comply with the requirements stated. In others cases, you must obtain CONNAISSANCE’s written consent. If you don’t already have a contract with CONNAISSANCE that clearly gives you such rights, please contact CONNAISSANCE to request such permission. Contact information is provided below.
</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">LIMITED SITUATIONS WHERE USE IS PERMITTED WITHOUT CONNAISSANCE’S PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION
</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">There are some circumstances in which CONNAISSANCE permits you to use specified CONNAISSANCE Materials without getting CONNAISSANCE’s prior written permission, but only if you comply with the Conditions stated below. Those circumstances are detailed here:
 </p>   <ul> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;"><b>CONNAISSANCE stock footage and press photos may be used as set out on</b> www.connaissance.co, in accordance with the terms of use indicated on that website.
</li> </ul> <p
			style="    margin-top: 27px;  margin-left: 100px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;font-weight:bold;"><u>CONDITIONS: CONNAISSANCE’s consent to these uses is provided only if you comply with all of the following requirements:</u>
</p> 

 <ul> <li
			style="    margin-top: 29px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">The CONNAISSANCE Materials and all copies shall remain at all times the exclusive property of CONNAISSANCE SE and/or an CONNAISSANCE affiliate company.
			
</li> 

 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You must use the CONNAISSANCE Materials without modification (except as may be necessary to resize or otherwise convert the CONNAISSANCE Material to a permitted format).
			
</li> 

 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You must include the copyright notice “© <YEAR>. CONNAISSANCE or an CONNAISSANCE affiliate company. All rights reserved.” [Note: you should insert the year as shown on the materials that you are using]</YEAR>
			
</li> 

 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You must include the statement “Used with permission of CONNAISSANCE” in a prominent location.
			
</li> 


 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You may not use the CONNAISSANCE Material in any offensive manner or context, for example in a way that is defamatory, disparaging or libelous to, or otherwise presents false or misleading information regarding, CONNAISSANCE or any other party, or its or their products or services; in conjunction with obscene or pornographic material; in a manner that suggests bias based on race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, or religion; or in any manner that would be illegal under applicable law.
			
</li> 


 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You may not imply any CONNAISSANCE sponsorship, affiliation or endorsement.
			
</li> 


 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You may not use the CONNAISSANCE Material for a purpose competitive with CONNAISSANCE or its products unless otherwise clearly permitted by applicable law.
			
</li> 


 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">You may not use the CONNAISSANCE corporate logo.
			
</li> 


 <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 136px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:615px;line-height: 1.5;">No use of other CONNAISSANCE trademarks is granted under this section. 
			
</li> 

</ul> 
<p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">
These Guidelines apply to all uses of CONNAISSANCE’s materials that are protected by copyright (which among other things includes all text, images, software, documentation, screenshots, web sites, photographs, video footage, etc.) (“CONNAISSANCE Materials”), in whatever media they may be used (including print media, online media, books, articles, audiovisual works, blogs, wikis, or any other format or medium).
 </p>

 </div>
<ui:include src="/xhtml/connaissanceFooter.xhtml"></ui:include>
	</ice:form>
</h:body> </html>
