<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:icecore="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/core"
	xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components"
	xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component">
<h:head>
	<title>Privacy Statement</title>
	<script type="text/javascript">
		function validateRepassword() {
			var pasw = document.getElementById('checkpassw:password');
			var Rpasw = document.getElementById('checkpassw:Rpassword');
			if (pasw.value != Rpasw.value) {
				alert("Passwords do not match");
			}
		}
	</script>

	<style>
.black_overlay {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	top: 0%;
	left: 0%;
	width: 100%;
	height: 100%;
	z-index: 1001;
	-moz-opacity: 0.8;
	opacity: .80;
	filter: alpha(opacity =                                                       
		                                                         
		                                                         
		                                                         
		                                                                    
		                                                                    
		                                   80);
	border: 10px solid #ddd;
}

.white_content {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	top: 25%;
	left: 25%;
	width: 50%;
	height: 50%;
	padding: 16px;
	background-color: white;
	z-index: 1002;
	overflow: auto;
	border: 10px solid #ddd;
	border-radius: 12px;
}

.contheader {
	text-align: left;
	font-size: 12px;
	color: #000;
	font-weight: bold;
}

#
span {
	color: red;
}

.myButton {
	-moz-box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	-webkit-box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left bottom, color-stop(0.05, #7157A0
		), color-stop(1, #7157A0) );
	background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -o-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -ms-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#7157A0',
		endColorstr='#7157A0', GradientType=0 );
	background-color: #7157A0;
	-moz-border-radius: 3px;
	-webkit-border-radius: 3px;
	border-radius: 3px;
	border: 1px solid #7157A0;
	display: inline-block;
	cursor: pointer;
	color: #ffffff;
	font-family: Arial;
	font-size: 13px;
	padding: 6px 24px;
	text-decoration: none;
	text-shadow: 0px 1px 0px #7157A0;
}

.myButton:hover {
	background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left bottom, color-stop(0.05, #7157A0
		), color-stop(1, #7157A0) );
	background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -o-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -ms-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#7157A0',
		endColorstr='#7157A0', GradientType=0 );
	background-color: #7157A0;
}

.myButton:active {
	position: relative;
	top: 1px;
}

.form-signin-heading {
	text-align: center;
	margin-bottom: 0px;
	font-size: 18px;
}
</style>
</h:head>
<h:body>
	<ui:include src="/xhtml/connaissanceHeader.xhtml"></ui:include>
	<ice:form>
		<div
			style="border: 1px solid #ebebeb; height: 1900px; width: 938px; margin-left: 194px; margin-top: 46px;margin-bottom: 20px;">
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 16px; font-family: Calibri; font-weight: bold;">Connaissance
				Group Privacy Statement</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Connaissance
				Group's Privacy Policy aims to protect the personal information you
				provide online. It is available on our homepage and at every page
				where personally identifiable information is requested. Please
				direct all questions regarding this policy to Mr. Paritosh Anand,
				Data Protection Officer at info.it@connaissance.co</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 16px; font-family: Calibri; font-weight: bold;">Collection
				and Use of Information</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Connaissance
				Group will collect your personal information only if you provide it
				of your own volition. If you do not want your personal information
				to be collected, please do not submit it.</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">We
				value your privacy. We do not rent or sell your personal
				information. When you submit your personal details and contact
				information, you give us explicit consent to call, email, or send
				SMS to you to confirm participation at the event, workshop and/or to
				related courses/programmes you are registering to or registered in.
			</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Furthermore,
				in the course of browsing our site we may automatically track
				certain information about you. This information may include the URL
				that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not),
				which URL you go to next (whether this URL is on our site or not),
				what browser you are using, and your IP address. Many other websites
				automatically collect this information.</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">We
				only use the information provided through our site to help us
				improve our services to you, to provide you with the products you
				have requested, to inform you about additional products or services
				that may be of interest to you, for marketing purposes and for other
				internal purposes. Connaissance Group occasionally hires other
				companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including
				packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer
				questions about products or services, sending mail and processing
				event registration. Connaissance Group will only provide these
				companies with the information they need to deliver the service, and
				they are prohibited from using that information for any other
				purpose. Other than what is described, Connaissance Group does not
				sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others outside of
				Connaissance Group and its subsidiaries or parent company, and their
				advertising and promotional agencies and consultants.</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">At
				any time, while accessing our site, you may decline participation in
				any activity that asks for information (i.e. survey email, or
				ecommerce). Your choice not to participate will in no way affect
				your ability to use any other feature on our website. You may
				opt-out of our mailing list at any time by sending an email to
				info.it@connaissance.co. When you decide to opt-out, we will delete
				all information about you from our database.</p>


			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 16px; font-family: Calibri; font-weight: bold;">Security</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Connaissance
				Group has implemented several security features throughout the
				Connaissance Group site to prevent the unauthorized release of or
				access to personal information. For instance, database information
				is kept separate from live servers and is firewall protected.</p>


			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">However,
				even though Connaissance Group endeavours to create a secure and
				reliable site for you, the confidentiality of any communication or
				material transmitted to or from Connaissance Group via the
				Connaissance Group website or e-mail cannot be guaranteed. When
				disclosing any personal information, you should be mindful of the
				fact that it is potentially accessible to the public, and
				consequently, can be collected and used by others without your
				consent. Connaissance Group has no responsibility or liability for
				the security of information transmitted via the Internet.</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 16px; font-family: Calibri; font-weight: bold;">Use
				of cookies:</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Cookies
				are small text files that, like most other Web servers, we place in
				your device that you use to access our website. This is done to
				recognize your device during a session or in your future visits to
				our website, primarily in order to provide better user experience.</p>


			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Types
				of cookies used:</p>


			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Session
				cookie: Session cookies remain only as long as a browsing session is
				active, and are intended to avoid user inconvenience during
				browsing. These cookies allow websites to link the actions of a user
				during a browser session and expire at the end of the browsing
				session. Session cookies also assist the user in navigating the
				website, and allow the user to access secure parts of the webpage
				when logged in.</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Persistent
				cookie: Persistent cookies are stored on a user’s device even after
				termination of a browsing session. It helps in recalling the
				preferences or actions of the user. Persistent cookies are used for
				a variety of purposes such as retaining the visitor’s language and
				regional preference(s) at the end of each browsing session. We may
				use services of third-party analytics service provider to analyse
				cookies to carry out a behavioural analysis in order to enhance user
				experience and convenience, and also to provide targeted and
				relevant content to visitors.</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Depending
				on the type and settings of your browser, cookies may be accepted by
				default. You may change the settings of your browser to delete
				existing cookies or prevent future cookies from being automatically
				accepted. If you disable cookies, certain parts and functions of our
				website may not be available. You can learn more about cookies at
				www.aboutcookies.org</p>
			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5; font-weight: bold;">External
				Web Sites</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">To
				the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating
				hyperlinks are used to access third party sites, you should be aware
				that these third party web sites are not controlled by Connaissance
				Group and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You
				should check the privacy policies of those individual sites to see
				how your personal information will be used by the operators of those
				third party web sites.</p>


			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5; font-weight: bold;">Your
				Consent</p>


			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">By
				using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this
				information by Connaissance Group. Connaissance Group may modify
				this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our
				Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Your
				continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these
				terms will mean you accept these changes. You may have the right to
				access the personal information, which Connaissance Group has
				collected about you. You may also have the right to modify any
				errors contained in that information. Please contact us for more
				details.</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5; font-weight: bold;">How
				to Contact Us</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px; line-height: 1.5;">Should
				you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy,
				please send us an email at info.it@connaissance.co.</p>

			<p
				style="margin-top: -13px; margin-left: 72px; font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify; width: 800px;">Copyright
				© 2015 Connaissance Group. All rights reserved.</p>



		</div>
		<ui:include src="/xhtml/connaissanceFooter.xhtml"></ui:include>
	</ice:form>
</h:body>
</html>