<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:icecore="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/core"
	xmlns:ace="http://www.icefaces.org/icefaces/components"
	xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component"> <h:head>
	<title>TermsOfUse</title>
	<script type="text/javascript">
		function validateRepassword() {
			var pasw = document.getElementById('checkpassw:password');
			var Rpasw = document.getElementById('checkpassw:Rpassword');
			if (pasw.value != Rpasw.value) {
				alert("Passwords do not match");
			}
		}
	</script>

	<style>
.black_overlay {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	top: 0%;
	left: 0%;
	width: 100%;
	height: 100%;
	z-index: 1001;
	-moz-opacity: 0.8;
	opacity: .80;
	filter: alpha(opacity =                                                      
		                                                         
		                                                         
		                                                         
		                                                                    
		                                                                    
		                                  80);
	border: 10px solid #ddd;
}

.white_content {
	display: none;
	position: absolute;
	top: 25%;
	left: 25%;
	width: 50%;
	height: 50%;
	padding: 16px;
	background-color: white;
	z-index: 1002;
	overflow: auto;
	border: 10px solid #ddd;
	border-radius: 12px;
}

.contheader {
	text-align: left;
	font-size: 12px;
	color: #000;
	font-weight: bold;
}

#
span {
	color: red;
}

.myButton {
	-moz-box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	-webkit-box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	box-shadow: inset 0px 1px 0px 0px #7157A0;
	background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left bottom, color-stop(0.05, #7157A0
		), color-stop(1, #7157A0));
	background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -o-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -ms-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#7157A0',
		endColorstr='#7157A0', GradientType=0);
	background-color: #7157A0;
	-moz-border-radius: 3px;
	-webkit-border-radius: 3px;
	border-radius: 3px;
	border: 1px solid #7157A0;
	display: inline-block;
	cursor: pointer;
	color: #ffffff;
	font-family: Arial;
	font-size: 13px;
	padding: 6px 24px;
	text-decoration: none;
	text-shadow: 0px 1px 0px #7157A0;
}

.myButton:hover {
	background: -webkit-gradient(linear, left top, left bottom, color-stop(0.05, #7157A0
		), color-stop(1, #7157A0));
	background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -o-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: -ms-linear-gradient(top, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #7157A0 5%, #7157A0 100%);
	filter: progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient(startColorstr='#7157A0',
		endColorstr='#7157A0', GradientType=0);
	background-color: #7157A0;
}

.myButton:active {
	position: relative;
	top: 1px;
}

.form-signin-heading {
	text-align: center;
	margin-bottom: 0px;
	font-size: 18px;
}
</style>
</h:head> <h:body>
	<ui:include src="/xhtml/connaissanceHeader.xhtml"></ui:include>
	<ice:form>
		<div
			style="border: 1px solid #ebebeb; height: 4380px; width: 938px; margin-left: 194px;margin-top: 46px;margin-bottom: 60px;">
		<p
			style="margin-top: 17px; margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri;">Terms
		of Use for <a style="color:blue;" href="http://www.connaissance.co">www.connaissance.co</a>, www.assetshoppe.com and
		www.firstsapjob.com </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">
		The use of any product, service or feature (the "Materials") available
		through the internet websites accessible at Connaissance.co,
		Assetshoppe.com and Firstsapjob.com (collectively, the "Website") by
		any user of the Website ("You" or "Your" hereafter) shall be governed
		by the following terms of use: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">
		This Website is provided by Connaissance Group (hereinafter referred
		to as "Connaissance" ), a company incorporated under the Companies
		Act, 1956 of India, having its registered office at #52/53, Anam
		Plaza, 8th ‘F’ Main road, 3rd Block, Jayanagar, Bangalore 560 011,
		India and shall be used for informational purposes only. By using the
		Website or downloading Materials from the Website, You hereby agree to
		abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Use. In
		the event of You not agreeing to these terms and conditions, You are
		requested by Connaissance not to use the Website or download Materials
		from the Website. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">This
		Website, including all Materials present (excluding any applicable
		third party materials), is the property of Connaissance and is
		copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty
		provisions. You hereby agree to comply with all copyright laws
		worldwide in Your use of this Website and to prevent any unauthorized
		copying of the Materials. Connaissance does not grant any express or
		implied rights under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade
		secret information. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">Connaissance
		has business relationships with thousands of customers, suppliers,
		governments, and others. For convenience and simplicity, words like
		joint venture, partnership, and partner are used to indicate business
		relationships involving common activities and interests, and those
		words may not indicate precise legal relationships. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">LIMITED
		LICENSE:</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">Subject
		to the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use,
		Connaissance grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
		right to access, use and display this Website and the Materials
		thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the
		operation of the Website in any manner. Unless otherwise specified,
		the Website is for Your personal and non-commercial use. You shall not
		modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce,
		publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any
		information, software, products or services obtained from this
		Website. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">BLOGS:
		</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">This
		is to inform and clarify that individuals (including but not limited
		to employees of Connaissance and referred to as “Individuals”
		hereafter) may contribute articles and opinions on this Website
		entirely at the sole discretion of Connaissance, in the form of
		“blogs”, as such term is generally understood. You hereby acknowledge
		and agree that these blogs constitute the opinion of the Individuals
		in their personal capacity, and may not represent official positions
		of Connaissance in any manner. Connaissance retains all copyright to
		these blogs. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		may be permitted to post comments and feedback to these blogs. By
		doing so, You expressly agree and acknowledge to abide by the
		following: </p> <ul> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not defame, abuse, harass or threaten Connaissance or any third
		party, or otherwise violate the legal rights of Connaissance or any
		third party. </li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not contribute any content or take any action that may in any
		manner adversely affect the reputation of Connaissance, or that is
		otherwise detrimental to Connaissance.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not in any manner publish or post any inappropriate, defamatory,
		infringing, obscene, racist, terrorist, politically slanted, indecent
		or unlawful topic, name, material or information.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not use profane and objectionable language or abbreviations. You
		shall not use any character(s) as a substitute for objectionable
		language. </li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not in any manner reveal confidential or proprietary information
		of any third party. Specifically, You shall not post any material for
		which You do not have requisite and applicable right(s) under law. </li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not conduct any contests or publish or propagate any forwards. </li>

		<li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate
		the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity but not
		limited to the foregoing) of any other party including Connaissance.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any
		inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful
		topic, name, material or information.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not upload or otherwise make available, files that contain
		images, photographs, software or other material protected by
		intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as
		limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or
		publicity) unless You own or control the rights thereto or have
		received all necessary consent to do the same.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not upload files that contain viruses, trojan horses, worms,
		time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software
		or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or
		property of another. </li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for
		any business purpose </li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not download any file posted that You know, or reasonably should
		know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or
		distributed in such manner.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not falsify or delete any copyright management information, such
		as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary
		designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other
		material contained in a file that is uploaded.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not create a false identity for the purpose of misleading
		others.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall not in any way deface or vandalize this Website, or prevent or
		restrict others from using this Website.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		shall indemnify and hold harmless Connaissance from any claims and
		loss incurred by Connaissance as a result of Your violation of these
		Terms of Use.</li> <li
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width:760px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		acknowledge that Connaissance may, at its sole discretion, monitor,
		remove or edit any content that You contribute. Connaissance may also
		pursue remedies available to it under law for any violation of these
		terms and conditions.</li> </ul> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">THIRD
		PARTY CONTENT: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">The
		Website makes information of third parties available, including
		articles, analyst reports, news reports, tools to facilitate
		calculation, company information and data about financial markets,
		including any regulatory authority and other financial markets and
		other data from external sources (the "Third Party Content"). You
		acknowledge and agree that the Third Party Content is not created or
		endorsed by Connaissance. The provision of Third Party Content is for
		general informational purposes only and does not constitute a
		recommendation or solicitation to purchase or sell any securities or
		shares or to make any other type of investment or investment decision.
		In addition, the Third Party Content is not intended to provide tax,
		legal or investment advice. You acknowledge that the Third Party
		Content provided to You is obtained from sources believed to be
		reliable, but that no guarantees are made by Connaissance or the
		providers of the Third Party Content as to its accuracy, completeness,
		timeliness. You agree not to hold Connaissance, any business offering
		products or services through the Website or any provider of Third
		Party Content liable for any investment decision or other transaction
		You may make based on Your reliance on or use of such data, or any
		liability that may arise due to delays or interruptions in the
		delivery of the Third Party Content for any reason </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">By
		using any Third Party Content, You may leave this Website and be
		directed to an external website, or to a website maintained by an
		entity other than Connaissance. If You decide to visit any such site,
		You do so at Your own risk and it is Your responsibility to take all
		protective measures to guard against viruses or any other destructive
		elements. Connaissance makes no warranty or representation regarding,
		and does not endorse, any linked Websites or the information appearing
		thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do
		not imply that Connaissance or this Website sponsors, endorses, is
		affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any
		trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or
		accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to
		use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of
		Connaissance or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. You hereby
		expressly acknowledge and agree that the linked sites are not under
		the control of Connaissance and Connaissance is not responsible for
		the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked
		site, or any changes or updates to such sites. Connaissance is not
		responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received
		from any linked site. Connaissance is providing these links to You
		only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link shall not be
		construed to imply endorsement by Connaissance in any manner of the
		website. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">NO
		WARRANTIES: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">This
		website, the information and materials on the site, and any software
		made available on the Website, are provided "as is" without any
		representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind,
		including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability,
		non-infringement, or fitness for any particular purpose. There is no
		warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding third party
		content. In spite of Connaissance’ best endeavors, there is no
		warranty on behalf of Connaissance that this Website will be free of
		any computer viruses. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the
		exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply
		to you. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">LIMITATION
		OF DAMAGES: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">In
		no event shall Connaissance or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
		be liable to any entity for any direct, indirect, special,
		consequential or other damages (including, without limitation, any
		lost profits, business interruption, loss of information or programs
		or other data on your information handling system) that are related to
		the use of, or the inability to use, the content, materials, and
		functions of this Website or any linked Website, even if Connaissance
		is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">DISCLAIMER:
		</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">The
		website may contain inaccuracies and typographical and clerical
		errors. Connaissance expressly disclaims any obligation(s) to update
		this website or any of the materials on this website. Connaissance
		does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or the
		reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information
		displayed or distributed through the Website. You acknowledge that any
		reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or
		information shall be at your sole risk. Connaissance reserves the
		right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in
		any portion of the Website. Connaissance may make any other changes to
		the Website, the materials and the products, programs, services or
		prices (if any) described in the Website at any time without notice.
		This Website is for informational purposes only and should not be
		construed as technical advice of any manner. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">POSTING
		ON THE CONNAISSANCE WEBSITE: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">Connaissance
		does not claim ownership of the materials You provide to Connaissance
		(including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit
		to any section of the Website, (each a "Submission" and collectively
		"Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing
		or submitting ("Posting") Your Submission You are granting
		Connaissance, its affiliated companies and necessary sub-licensees
		permission to use Your Submission in connection with the operation of
		their Internet businesses (including, without limitation, all services
		offered by Connaissance), including, without limitation, the license
		rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly
		perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat Your Submission; to
		publish Your name in connection with Your Submission; and the right to
		sublicense such rights to any other party. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		hereby acknowledge and agree that no compensation shall be paid or no
		future commercial consideration has accrued with respect to the use of
		Your Submission by Connaissance, as provided herein. Connaissance
		shall be under no obligation to post or use any Submission You may
		provide and Connaissance shall remove any Submission at any time at
		its own sole discretion. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">By
		Posting a Submission You hereby warrant and represent that You own or
		otherwise control all of the rights required under worldwide law for
		Your Submission as described in these Terms of Use including, without
		limitation, all the rights necessary for You to provide, post, upload,
		input or submit the Submissions. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">LAWFUL
		AND / OR PROHIBITED USE OF THE WEBSITE: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">As
		a condition of Your use of the Website, You shall not use the Website
		for any purpose(s) that is unlawful or prohibited by the Terms of Use.
		You shall not use the Website in any manner that could damage,
		disable, overburden, or impair any Connaissance server, or the
		network(s) connected to any Connaissance server, or interfere with any
		other party's use and enjoyment of any services associated with the
		Website. You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any
		section of the Website, other accounts, computer systems or networks
		connected to any Connaissance server or to any of the services
		associated with the Website, through hacking, password mining or any
		other means. You shall not obtain or attempt to obtain any Materials
		or information through any means not intentionally made available
		through the Website. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">INDEMNITY:
		</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">You
		agree to indemnify and hold harmless Connaissance, its subsidiaries
		and affiliates from any claim, cost, expense, judgment or other loss
		relating to Your use of this Website in any manner, including without
		limitation of the foregoing, any action You take which is in violation
		of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use and against any
		applicable law. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">CHANGES:
		</p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">Connaissance
		reserves the rights, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or
		remove any portion of these Terms of Use in whole or in part, at any
		time. Changes in these Terms of Use will be effective when notice of
		such change is posted. Your continued use of the Website after any
		changes to these Terms of Use are posted will be considered acceptance
		of those changes. Connaissance may terminate, change, suspend or
		discontinue any aspect of the Website, including the availability of
		any feature(s) of the Website, at any time. Connaissance may also
		impose limits on certain features and services or restrict Your access
		to certain sections or all of the Website without notice or liability.
		You hereby acknowledge and agree that Connaissance may terminate the
		authorization, rights and license given above at any point of time at
		its own sole discretion and upon such termination; You shall
		immediately destroy all Materials. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">INTERNATIONAL
		USERS AND CHOICE OF LAW: </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">This
		Site is controlled, operated and administered by Connaissance from its
		offices within India. Connaissance makes no representation that
		Materials on this Website are appropriate or available for use at any
		other location(s) outside India. Any access to this Website from
		territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may
		not use the Website or export the Materials in violation of any
		applicable export laws and regulations. If You access this Website
		from a location outside India, You are responsible for compliance with
		all local laws. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">These
		Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of India, without giving
		effect to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree that the
		appropriate court(s) in Bangalore, India, will have the exclusive
		jurisdiction to resolve all disputes arising under these Terms of Use
		and You hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in such forum. </p> <p
			style="    margin-top: 17px;  margin-left: 72px;font-size: 15px; font-family: Calibri; text-align: justify;width: 800px;line-height: 1.5;">These
		Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between Connaissance and
		You with respect to Your use of the Website. Any claim You may have
		with respect to Your use of the Website must be commenced within one
		(1) year of the cause of action. If any provision(s) of this Terms of
		Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law
		then such provision(s) shall be severed from this Terms of Use and the
		other remaining provisions of this Terms of Use shall remain in full
		force and effect.</p> </div>
<ui:include src="/xhtml/connaissanceFooter.xhtml"></ui:include>
	</ice:form>
	
</h:body> </html>
